CSA v1 (#2)
CommonPaper/CSA: CSA.md

# Cloud Service Agreement

## USING THIS AGREEMENT
To use this Agreement, the parties must complete and sign or electronically accept a Cover Page.

> Capitalized and <span class="keyterms_link">highlighted</span> words have the meanings given on the Cover Page. However, if the Cover Page omits or do not define a highlighted word, the default meaning will be "none" or "not applicable". All other capitalized words have the meanings given in these Standard Terms.

Reviewer: The staged version shows the outdated text in the yellow box. Not sure how that happened, since this contains the proper text?

Author: It's because of how that box works in Wordpress. I think Lauren set it up outside of the content.

> Capitalized and <span class="keyterms_link">highlighted</span> words have the meanings given on the Cover Page. However, if the Cover Page omits or do not define a highlighted word, the default meaning will be "none" or "not applicable". All other capitalized words have the meanings given in these Standard Terms.

Reviewer: Change "do" to "does"

```suggestion
Capitalized and <span class="keyterms_link">highlighted</span> words have the meanings given on the Cover Page. However, if the Cover Page omits or does not define a highlighted word, the default meaning will be "none" or "not applicable". All other capitalized words have the meanings given in these Standard Terms.
```

1. ## Service  

>     1.1 <span class="header_3">Access and Use.</span>  During the <span class="orderform_link">Subscription Period</span> and subject to the <span class="orderform_link">Use Limitations</span>, <span class="keyterms_link">Customer</span> (a) may access and use the Cloud Service and (b) copy and use the included Software and Documentation only as needed to access and use the Cloud Service, in each case, for its internal business purposes and only if <span class="keyterms_link">Customer</span> complies with the terms of this Agreement.

Reviewer: Moving "may" before (a), adding semi-colon
```suggestion
    1.1 <span class="header_3">Access and Use.</span>  During the <span class="orderform_link">Subscription Period</span> and subject to the <span class="orderform_link">Use Limitations</span>, <span class="keyterms_link">Customer</span> may (a) access and use the Cloud Service; and (b) copy and use the included Software and Documentation only as needed to access and use the Cloud Service, in each case, for its internal business purposes and only if <span class="keyterms_link">Customer</span> complies with the terms of this Agreement.
```

>     1.2 <span class="header_3">Service Level.</span> If the Cloud Service does not meet the <span class="orderform_link">SLA</span>, if any, <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> will provide the remedies outlined in the <span class="orderform_link">SLA</span> and will not be responsible for any other remedies. If there is an <span class="orderform_link">SLA</span>, any credits earned under the <span class="orderform_link">SLA</span> will only apply to future invoices and expire if the Agreement ends. In any event, if the Cloud Service is temporarily unavailable for scheduled maintenance, for unscheduled emergency maintenance, or because of other causes beyond <span class="keyterms_link">Provider's</span> reasonable control, no <span class="orderform_link">SLA</span> remedies will accrue. <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> will try to inform <span class="keyterms_link">Customer</span> before scheduled service disruptions through the Cloud Service or by email.

Reviewer: Grammatical change to "if any" approach

```suggestion
    1.2 <span class="header_3">Service Level.</span> If there is an <span class="orderform_link">SLA</span> and the Cloud Service does not meet the <span class="orderform_link">SLA</span>, <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> will provide the remedies outlined in the <span class="orderform_link">SLA</span> and will not be responsible for any other remedies. Any credits earned under the <span class="orderform_link">SLA</span> will only apply to future invoices and expire if the Agreement ends. In any event, if the Cloud Service is temporarily unavailable for scheduled maintenance, for unscheduled emergency maintenance, or because of other causes beyond <span class="keyterms_link">Provider's</span> reasonable control, no <span class="orderform_link">SLA</span> remedies will accrue. <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> will try to inform <span class="keyterms_link">Customer</span> before scheduled service disruptions through the Cloud Service or by email.
```

    1.3 <span class="header_3">Support</span>. During the <span class="orderform_link">Subscription Period</span>, <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> will provide <span class="orderform_link">Technical Support</span> as described in the Cover Page, if any.

>     1.4 <span class="header_3">User Accounts.</span> <span class="keyterms_link">Customer</span> is responsible for all actions on Users' accounts and for Users' compliance with this Agreement. <span class="keyterms_link">Customer</span> and Users must protect the confidentiality of its passwords and login credentials. <span class="keyterms_link">Customer</span> will promptly notify <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> if it suspects or knows of any fraudulent activity with its accounts, passwords, or credentials, or if they become compromised.

Reviewer: Grammar fix "its" to "their"

```suggestion
    1.4 <span class="header_3">User Accounts.</span> <span class="keyterms_link">Customer</span> is responsible for all actions on Users' accounts and for Users' compliance with this Agreement. <span class="keyterms_link">Customer</span> and Users must protect the confidentiality of their passwords and login credentials. <span class="keyterms_link">Customer</span> will promptly notify <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> if it suspects or knows of any fraudulent activity with its accounts, passwords, or credentials, or if they become compromised.
```

>     1.5 <span class="header_3">Affiliates.</span>  If authorized in a Cover Page, individuals from <span class="keyterms_link">Customer's</span> Affiliates may access <span class="keyterms_link">Customer's</span> accounts as Users under <span class="keyterms_link">Customer's</span> Agreement and <span class="keyterms_link">Customer</span> will be responsible for its Affiliates' compliance with this Agreement. If a <span class="keyterms_link">Customer</span> Affiliate enters a separate Cover Page with <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span>, the <span class="keyterms_link">Customer's</span> Affiliate creates a separate agreement between <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> and that Affiliate, where <span class="keyterms_link">Provider's</span> responsibility to the Affiliate is individual and separate from <span class="keyterms_link">Customer</span> and <span class="keyterms_link">Customer</span> is not responsible for its Affiliates' agreement.

Reviewer: Removing "s" from "accounts"

```suggestion
    1.5 <span class="header_3">Affiliates.</span>  If authorized in a Cover Page, individuals from <span class="keyterms_link">Customer's</span> Affiliates may access <span class="keyterms_link">Customer's</span> account as Users under <span class="keyterms_link">Customer's</span> Agreement and <span class="keyterms_link">Customer</span> will be responsible for its Affiliates' compliance with this Agreement. If a <span class="keyterms_link">Customer</span> Affiliate enters a separate Cover Page with <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span>, the <span class="keyterms_link">Customer's</span> Affiliate creates a separate agreement between <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> and that Affiliate, where <span class="keyterms_link">Provider's</span> responsibility to the Affiliate is individual and separate from <span class="keyterms_link">Customer</span> and <span class="keyterms_link">Customer</span> is not responsible for its Affiliates' agreement.
```

    1.7 <span class="header_3">Customer Content.</span>  <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> may copy, display, modify, and use Customer Content only as needed to provide and maintain the Product and related offerings. <span class="keyterms_link">Customer</span> is responsible for the accuracy and content of Customer Content.

2. ## Restrictions & Obligations  

>     2.1 <span class="header_3">Restrictions On Customer.</span>

Reviewer: Fixing capitalization

```suggestion
    2.1 <span class="header_3">Restrictions on Customer.</span>
```

    2.2 <span class="header_3">Suspension.</span>  If <span class="keyterms_link">Customer</span> (a) has an outstanding, undisputed balance on its account for more than 30 days after the <span class="orderform_link">Payment Period</span>; (b) breaches Section 2.1 (Restrictions on Customer); or (c) uses the Product in violation of the Agreement or in a way that materially and negatively impacts the Product or others, then <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> may temporarily suspend <span class="keyterms_link">Customer's</span> access to the Product with or without notice. However, <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> will try to inform <span class="keyterms_link">Customer</span> before suspending <span class="keyterms_link">Customer's</span> account when practical. <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> will reinstate <span class="keyterms_link">Customer's</span> access to the Product only if <span class="keyterms_link">Customer</span> resolves the underlying issue.

3. ## Professional Services  

>     <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> will perform the <span class="orderform_link">Professional Services</span> as detailed in a Cover Page, if any, and <span class="keyterms_link">Customer</span> will reasonably cooperate with <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> to allow the performance of <span class="orderform_link">Professional Services</span>, including providing <span class="keyterms_link">Customer</span> Content as needed. <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> is not responsible for any inability to perform the <span class="orderform_link">Professional Services</span> if <span class="keyterms_link">Customer</span> does not cooperate as reasonably requested.

Reviewer 2: One of @tblt 's changes looks like it was not merged in, the "customer" in customer content shouldn't be a key term class
```suggestion
    <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> will perform the <span class="orderform_link">Professional Services</span> as detailed in a Cover Page, if any, and <span class="keyterms_link">Customer</span> will reasonably cooperate with <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> to allow the performance of <span class="orderform_link">Professional Services</span>, including providing Customer Content as needed. <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> is not responsible for any inability to perform the <span class="orderform_link">Professional Services</span> if <span class="keyterms_link">Customer</span> does not cooperate as reasonably requested.
```

4. ## Privacy & Security  

>     4.1 <span class="header_3">Personal Data.</span>  Before submitting Personal Data governed by GDPR, <span class="keyterms_link">Customer</span> must enter into a data processing agreement with <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span>. If the parties have a <span class="keyterms_link">DPA</span>, the terms of the <span class="keyterms_link">DPA</span> will control each party's rights and obligations as to Personal Data and the terms of the <span class="keyterms_link">DPA</span> will control in the event of any conflict with these Standard Terms.  

Reviewer: Replacing "these Standard Terms" with "this Agreement"

```suggestion
    4.1 <span class="header_3">Personal Data.</span>  Before submitting Personal Data governed by GDPR, <span class="keyterms_link">Customer</span> must enter into a data processing agreement with <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span>. If the parties have a <span class="keyterms_link">DPA</span>, the terms of the <span class="keyterms_link">DPA</span> will control each party's rights and obligations as to Personal Data and the terms of the <span class="keyterms_link">DPA</span> will control in the event of any conflict with this Agreement.
```

    4.2 <span class="header_3">Prohibited Data.</span>  <span class="keyterms_link">Customer</span> will not (and will not allow anyone else to) submit Prohibited Data to the Product unless authorized by the Cover Page.

    4.3 <span class="header_3">Security.</span>  <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> will comply with the <span class="keyterms_link">Security Policy</span>, if any.

5. ## Payment & Taxes  

>     5.1 <span class="header_3">Fees & Invoices.</span>  All fees are in U.S. Dollars and are exclusive of taxes. Except for the prorated refund of prepaid fees allowed with specific termination rights, fees are non-refundable. <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> will send invoices for fees applicable to the Product once per <span class="orderform_link">Invoice Period</span> in advance starting on the <span class="orderform_link">Subscription Start Date</span>. Invoices for <span class="orderform_link">Professional Services</span> may be sent monthly during performance of the <span class="orderform_link">Professional Services</span> unless the Cover Page includes a different cadence.

Reviewer: Removing ampersand 

```suggestion
    5.1 <span class="header_3">Fees and Invoices.</span>  All fees are in U.S. Dollars and are exclusive of taxes. Except for the prorated refund of prepaid fees allowed with specific termination rights, fees are non-refundable. <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> will send invoices for fees applicable to the Product once per <span class="orderform_link">Invoice Period</span> in advance starting on the <span class="orderform_link">Subscription Start Date</span>. Invoices for <span class="orderform_link">Professional Services</span> may be sent monthly during performance of the <span class="orderform_link">Professional Services</span> unless the Cover Page includes a different cadence.
```

    6.4 <span class="header_3">Effect of Termination.</span>  Termination of the Agreement will automatically terminate all Order Forms. Upon expiration or termination:  

      (a) <span class="keyterms_link">Customer</span> will no longer have any right to use the Product, <span class="orderform_link">Technical Support</span>, or <span class="orderform_link">Professional Services</span>.

>       (b) Upon <span class="keyterms_link">Customer's</span> request, <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> will delete Customer Content within 60 days of termination.

Reviewer: Removing reference to termination because timing to perform is tied to the request, not date of termination

```suggestion
      (b) Upon <span class="keyterms_link">Customer's</span> request, <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> will delete Customer Content within 60 days.
```

    6.5 <span class="header_3">Survival.</span>  

      (a) The following sections will survive expiration or termination of the Agreement: Section 1.6 (Feedback and Usage Data), Section 2.1 (Restrictions on Customer), Section 5 (Payment & Taxes) for fees accrued or payable before expiration or termination, Section 6.4 (Effect of Termination), Section 6.5 (Survival), Section 7 (Representations & Warranties), Section 8 (Disclaimer of Warranties), Section 9 (Limitation of Liability), Section 10 (Indemnification), Section 11 (Insurance) for the time period specified, Section 12 (Confidentiality), Section 13 (Reservation of Rights), Section 14 (General Terms), Section 15 (Definitions), and the portions of a Cover Page referenced by these sections.

      (b) Each Recipient may retain Discloser's Confidential Information in accordance with its standard backup or record retention policies maintained in the ordinary course of business or as required by Applicable Laws, in which case Section 4 (Privacy & Security) and Section 12 (Confidentiality) will continue to apply to retained Confidential Information.

7. ## Representations & Warranties  

>     7.1 <span class="header_3">Mutual.</span>  Each party represents and warrants to the other that: (a) it has the legal power and authority to enter into this Agreement; (b) it is duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing under the Applicable Laws of the jurisdiction of its origin, (c) it will comply with all Applicable Laws in performing its obligations or exercising its rights in this Agreement; and (d) it will comply with the <span class="keyterms_link">Additional Warranties</span>.

Reviewer: Changing comma to semi-colon between (b) and (c)

```suggestion
    7.1 <span class="header_3">Mutual.</span>  Each party represents and warrants to the other that: (a) it has the legal power and authority to enter into this Agreement; (b) it is duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing under the Applicable Laws of the jurisdiction of its origin; (c) it will comply with all Applicable Laws in performing its obligations or exercising its rights in this Agreement; and (d) it will comply with the <span class="keyterms_link">Additional Warranties</span>.
```

8. ## Disclaimer of Warranties  

> <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> makes no guarantees that the Product will always be safe, secure, or error-free, or that it will function without disruptions, delays, or imperfections. The warranties in Section 7.2 do not apply to any misuse or unauthorized modification of the Product, nor to any product or service provided by anyone other than <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span>. Except for the warranties in Section 7, <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> and <span class="keyterms_link">Customer</span> each **disclaim all other warranties, whether express or implied, including the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, and non-infringement. These disclaimers apply to the maximum extent permitted by Applicable Laws.**

Reviewer 2: @tblt 's 7.2 => 7.3 was missed 
```suggestion
<span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> makes no guarantees that the Product will always be safe, secure, or error-free, or that it will function without disruptions, delays, or imperfections. The warranties in Section 7.3 do not apply to any misuse or unauthorized modification of the Product, nor to any product or service provided by anyone other than <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span>. Except for the warranties in Section 7, <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> and <span class="keyterms_link">Customer</span> each **disclaim all other warranties, whether express or implied, including the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, and non-infringement. These disclaimers apply to the maximum extent permitted by Applicable Laws.**
```

> <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> makes no guarantees that the Product will always be safe, secure, or error-free, or that it will function without disruptions, delays, or imperfections. The warranties in Section 7.3 do not apply to any misuse or unauthorized modification of the Product, nor to any product or service provided by anyone other than <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span>. Except for the warranties in Section 7, <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> and <span class="keyterms_link">Customer</span> each **disclaim all other warranties, whether express or implied, including the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, and non-infringement. These disclaimers apply to the maximum extent permitted by Applicable Laws.**

Reviewer: Adjusting the bolding, so that the last sentence is _not_ in bold.

```suggestion
<span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> makes no guarantees that the Product will always be safe, secure, or error-free, or that it will function without disruptions, delays, or imperfections. The warranties in Section 7.3 do not apply to any misuse or unauthorized modification of the Product, nor to any product or service provided by anyone other than <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span>. Except for the warranties in Section 7, <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> and <span class="keyterms_link">Customer</span> each **disclaim all other warranties, whether express or implied, including the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, and non-infringement.** These disclaimers apply to the maximum extent permitted by Applicable Laws.
```

9. ## Limitation of Liability  

    9.1 <span class="header_3">Liability Caps.</span>  **If there are <span class="keyterms_link">Increased Claims</span>, each party's total cumulative liability for the <span class="keyterms_link">Increased Claims</span> arising out of or relating to this Agreement will not be more than the <span class="keyterms_link">Increased Cap Amount</span>. Each party's total cumulative liability for all other claims arising out of or relating to this Agreement will not be more than the <span class="keyterms_link">General Cap Amount</span>.**

    9.2 <span class="header_3">Damages Waiver.</span>  **Each party's liability for any claim or liability arising out of or relating to this Agreement will be limited to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Laws. Under no circumstances will either party be liable to the other for lost profits or revenues, or for consequential, special, indirect, exemplary, punitive, or incidental damages relating to this Agreement, even if the party is informed of the possibility of this type of damage in advance.**

>     9.3 <span class="header_3">Exceptions.</span>  If there are <span class="keyterms_link">Unlimited Claims</span>, the liability caps in Section 9.1 and the damages waiver in Section 9.2 do not apply to the <span class="keyterms_link">Unlimited Claims</span>. If there are <span class="keyterms_link">Increased Claims</span>, the damages waiver in Section 9.2 does not apply to the <span class="keyterms_link">Increased Claims</span>.

Reviewer: Simplifying grammar for "if any" approach

```suggestion
    9.3 <span class="header_3">Exceptions.</span>  The liability caps in Section 9.1 and the damages waiver in Section 9.2 do not apply to any <span class="keyterms_link">Unlimited Claims</span>. The damages waiver in Section 9.2 does not apply to any <span class="keyterms_link">Increased Claims</span>.
```

10. ## Indemnification  

    10.1 <span class="header_3">Protection by Provider.</span>  <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> will indemnify, defend, and hold harmless <span class="keyterms_link">Customer</span> from and against all <span class="keyterms_link">Provider Covered Claims</span> made by someone other than <span class="keyterms_link">Customer</span>, <span class="keyterms_link">Customer's</span> Affiliates, or Users, and all out-of-pocket damages, awards, settlements, costs, and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees and other legal expenses, that arise from the <span class="keyterms_link">Provider Covered Claim</span>.

>     10.2 <span class="header_3">Protection by Customer</span>.  <span class="keyterms_link">Customer</span> will indemnify, defend, and hold harmless <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> from and against all <span class="keyterms_link">Customer Covered Claims</span> made by someone other than <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> or its Affiliates, and <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> for all out-of-pocket damages, awards, settlements, costs, and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees and other legal expenses, that arise from the <span class="keyterms_link">Customer Covered Claim</span>.

Reviewer: Removing "Provider for" from middle of the sentence.

```suggestion
    10.2 <span class="header_3">Protection by Customer</span>.  <span class="keyterms_link">Customer</span> will indemnify, defend, and hold harmless <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> from and against all <span class="keyterms_link">Customer Covered Claims</span> made by someone other than <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> or its Affiliates, and all out-of-pocket damages, awards, settlements, costs, and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees and other legal expenses, that arise from the <span class="keyterms_link">Customer Covered Claim</span>.
```

>     10.2 <span class="header_3">Protection by Customer</span>.  <span class="keyterms_link">Customer</span> will indemnify, defend, and hold harmless <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> from and against all <span class="keyterms_link">Customer Covered Claims</span> made by someone other than <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> or its Affiliates, and indemnify <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> for all out-of-pocket damages, awards, settlements, costs, and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees and other legal expenses, that arise from the <span class="keyterms_link">Customer Covered Claim</span>.

Reviewer 2: @tblt change removing the word "indemnify"
```suggestion
    10.2 <span class="header_3">Protection by Customer</span>.  <span class="keyterms_link">Customer</span> will indemnify, defend, and hold harmless <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> from and against all <span class="keyterms_link">Customer Covered Claims</span> made by someone other than <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> or its Affiliates, and <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> for all out-of-pocket damages, awards, settlements, costs, and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees and other legal expenses, that arise from the <span class="keyterms_link">Customer Covered Claim</span>.
```

>     10.3 <span class="header_3">Procedure.</span>  The Indemnifying Party's obligations in this section are contingent upon the Protected Party: (a) promptly notifying the Indemnifying Party of each Covered Claim for which it seeks protection; (b) providing reasonable assistance to the Indemnifying Party at the Indemnifying Party's expense; and (c) giving the Indemnifying Party sole control over the defense and settlement of each Covered Claim. A Protected Party may participate in a Covered Claim for which it seeks protection with its own attorneys only at its own expense. An Indemnifying Party may not agree to any settlement of a Covered Claim that contains an admission of fault or otherwise materially and adversely impacts the Protected Party without the prior written consent of the Protected Party.

Reviewer: Grammar fix, "An" to "The" in the last sentence

```suggestion
    10.3 <span class="header_3">Procedure.</span>  The Indemnifying Party's obligations in this section are contingent upon the Protected Party: (a) promptly notifying the Indemnifying Party of each Covered Claim for which it seeks protection; (b) providing reasonable assistance to the Indemnifying Party at the Indemnifying Party's expense; and (c) giving the Indemnifying Party sole control over the defense and settlement of each Covered Claim. A Protected Party may participate in a Covered Claim for which it seeks protection with its own attorneys only at its own expense. The Indemnifying Party may not agree to any settlement of a Covered Claim that contains an admission of fault or otherwise materially and adversely impacts the Protected Party without the prior written consent of the Protected Party.
```

>     10.4 <span class="header_3">Changes to Product.</span>  If required by settlement or court order, or if deemed reasonably necessary in response to a <span class="keyterms_link">Provider Covered Claim</span>, <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> may: (a) obtain the right for <span class="keyterms_link">Customer</span> to continue using the Product; (b) replace or modify the affected component of the Product without materially reducing the general functionality of the Cloud Service; or (c) if neither (a) nor (b) are reasonable, terminate the affected Order Form and issue a pro-rated refund of prepaid fees for the remainder of the <span class="orderform_link">Subscription Period</span>.

Reviewer: Change "Cloud Service" in (b) to "Product"

```suggestion
    10.4 <span class="header_3">Changes to Product.</span>  If required by settlement or court order, or if deemed reasonably necessary in response to a <span class="keyterms_link">Provider Covered Claim</span>, <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> may: (a) obtain the right for <span class="keyterms_link">Customer</span> to continue using the Product; (b) replace or modify the affected component of the Product without materially reducing the general functionality of the Product; or (c) if neither (a) nor (b) are reasonable, terminate the affected Order Form and issue a pro-rated refund of prepaid fees for the remainder of the <span class="orderform_link">Subscription Period</span>.
```

Author: I think this one was Cloud Service in the word doc,  but I'll change it.

    10.5 <span class="header_3">Exclusions.</span>  

>       (a) <span class="keyterms_link">Provider's</span> obligations as an Indemnifying Party will not apply to <span class="keyterms_link">Provider Covered Claims</span> that result from (i) modifications to the Product that were not authorized by <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> or that were made in compliance with <span class="keyterms_link">Customer's</span> instructions; (ii) unauthorized use of the Product, including use in violation of this Agreement; (iii) use of the Product in combination with items not provided by <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span>, or (iv) use of an old version of the Product where a newer release would avoid the <span class="keyterms_link">Provider Covered Claim</span>.

Reviewer 2: missed one of @tblt 's semi colons
```suggestion
      (a) <span class="keyterms_link">Provider's</span> obligations as an Indemnifying Party will not apply to <span class="keyterms_link">Provider Covered Claims</span> that result from (i) modifications to the Product that were not authorized by <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> or that were made in compliance with <span class="keyterms_link">Customer's</span> instructions; (ii) unauthorized use of the Product, including use in violation of this Agreement; (iii) use of the Product in combination with items not provided by <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span>; or (iv) use of an old version of the Product where a newer release would avoid the <span class="keyterms_link">Provider Covered Claim</span>.
```

      (b) <span class="keyterms_link">Customer's</span> obligations as an Indemnifying Party will not apply to <span class="keyterms_link">Customer Covered Claims</span> that result from the unauthorized use of the Customer Content, including use in violation of this Agreement.

    10.6 <span class="header_3">Exclusive Remedy.</span>  This Section 10 (Indemnification), together with any termination rights, describes each Protected Party's exclusive remedy and each Indemnifying Party's entire liability for a Covered Claim.

11. ## Insurance  

> During the <span class="orderform_link">Subscription Period</span> and for six months after, <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> will carry commercial insurance policies with coverage limits of at least the <span class="keyterms_link">Insurance Minimums</span>, if any. Upon request, <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> will give <span class="keyterms_link">Customer</span> a certificate of insurance evidencing its insurance policies that meet the <span class="keyterms_link">Insurance Minimums</span>. <span class="keyterms_link">Provider's</span> insurance policies will not be considered as evidence of <span class="keyterms_link">Provider's</span> liability.

Reviewer: Grammar fix

```suggestion
During the <span class="orderform_link">Subscription Period</span> and for six months after, <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> will carry commercial insurance policies with coverage limits that meet the <span class="keyterms_link">Insurance Minimums</span>, if any. Upon request, <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> will give <span class="keyterms_link">Customer</span> a certificate of insurance evidencing its insurance policies that meet the <span class="keyterms_link">Insurance Minimums</span>. <span class="keyterms_link">Provider's</span> insurance policies will not be considered as evidence of <span class="keyterms_link">Provider's</span> liability.
```

Reviewer: @bengarvey I don't think this change is reflected in staging

12. ## Confidentiality  

    12.1 <span class="header_3">Non-Use and Non-Disclosure.</span>  Unless otherwise authorized in the Agreement, Recipient will (a) only use Discloser's Confidential Information to fulfill its obligations or exercise its rights under this Agreement; and (b) not disclose Discloser's Confidential Information to anyone else. In addition, Recipient will protect Discloser's Confidential Information using at least the same protections Recipient uses for its own similar information but no less than a reasonable standard of care.

>     12.2 <span class="header_3">Exclusions.</span>  Confidential Information does not include information that (a) Recipient knew without any obligation of confidentiality before disclosure by Discloser; (b) is or becomes publicly known and generally available through no fault of Recipient; (c) Recipient receives under no obligation of confidentiality from someone else who is authorized to make the disclosure, or (d) Recipient independently developed without use of or reference to Discloser's Confidential Information.

Reviewer 2: missed a comma to semi colon
```suggestion
    12.2 <span class="header_3">Exclusions.</span>  Confidential Information does not include information that (a) Recipient knew without any obligation of confidentiality before disclosure by Discloser; (b) is or becomes publicly known and generally available through no fault of Recipient; (c) Recipient receives under no obligation of confidentiality from someone else who is authorized to make the disclosure; or (d) Recipient independently developed without use of or reference to Discloser's Confidential Information.
```

    12.3 <span class="header_3">Required Disclosures.</span>  Recipient may disclose Discloser's Confidential Information to the extent required by Applicable Laws if, unless prohibited by Applicable Laws, Recipient provides the Disclosing Party reasonable advance notice of the required disclosure and reasonably cooperates, at the Discloser's expense, with the Discloser's efforts to obtain confidential treatment for the Confidential Information.

    12.4 <span class="header_3">Permitted Disclosures.</span>  Recipient may disclose Discloser's Confidential Information to Users, employees, advisors, contractors, and representatives who each have a need to know the Confidential Information, but only if the person or entity is bound by confidentiality obligations at least as protective as those in this Section 12 and Recipient remains responsible for everyone's compliance with the terms of this Section 12.

13. ## Reservation of Rights

>     Except for the limited license to copy and use Software and Documentation in Section 1.1 (Access and Use), <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> retains all right, title, and interest in and to the Product, whether developed before or after the <span class="keyterms_link">Effective Date</span>. Except for the limited rights in Section 1.7 (Customer Content), <span class="keyterms_link">Effective Date</span> retains all right, title, and interest in and to the Customer Content.

Reviewer: Changing "Effective Date" to "Customer" in last sentence

```suggestion
    Except for the limited license to copy and use Software and Documentation in Section 1.1 (Access and Use), <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> retains all right, title, and interest in and to the Product, whether developed before or after the <span class="keyterms_link">Effective Date</span>. Except for the limited rights in Section 1.7 (Customer Content), <span class="keyterms_link">Customer</span> retains all right, title, and interest in and to the Customer Content.
```

    14.8 <span class="header_3">Notices.</span>  Any notice, request, or approval about the Agreement must be in writing and sent to the <span class="keyterms_link">Notice Address</span>. Notices will be deemed given (a) upon confirmed delivery if by email, registered or certified mail, or personal delivery; or (b) two days after mailing if by overnight commercial delivery.

    14.9 <span class="header_3">Independent Contractors.</span>  The parties are independent contractors, not agents, partners, or joint venturers. Neither party is authorized to bind the other to any liability or obligation.

    14.10 <span class="header_3">No Third-Party Beneficiary.</span>  There are no third-party beneficiaries of this Agreement.

    14.11 <span class="header_3">Force Majeure.</span>  Neither party will be liable for a delay or failure to perform its obligations of this Agreement if caused by a Force Majeure Event. However, this section does not excuse <span class="keyterms_link">Customer's</span> obligations to pay fees.

>     14.12 <span class="header_3">Export Controls.</span> <span class="keyterms_link">Customer</span> may not remove or export from the United States or allow the export or re-export of the Product or any related technology or materials in violation of any restrictions, laws or regulations of the United States Department of Commerce, the United States Department of Treasury Office of Foreign Assets Control, or any other United States or foreign agency or authority.  

Reviewer: More Oxford commas!

```suggestion
    14.12 <span class="header_3">Export Controls.</span> <span class="keyterms_link">Customer</span> may not remove or export from the United States or allow the export or re-export of the Product or any related technology or materials in violation of any restrictions, laws, or regulations of the United States Department of Commerce, the United States Department of Treasury Office of Foreign Assets Control, or any other United States or foreign agency or authority.  
```

    15.14 **"GDPR"** means European Union Regulation 2016/679 as implemented by local law in the relevant European Union member nation, and by section 3 of the United Kingdom's European Union (Withdrawal) Act of 2018 in the United Kingdom.

    15.15 **"High Risk Activity"** means any situation where the use or failure of the Product could be reasonably expected to lead to death, bodily injury, or environmental damage. Examples include full or partial autonomous vehicle technology, medical life-support technology, emergency response services, nuclear facilities operation, and air traffic control.

    15.16 **"Indemnifying Party"** means a party to this Agreement when the party is providing protection for a particular Covered Claim.

    15.17 **"Key Terms”** means the portion of a Cover Page that includes the key legal details and definitions for this Agreement that are not defined in the Standard Terms. The Key Terms may include details about Covered Claims, set the <span class="keyterms_link">Governing Law</span>, or contain other details about this Agreement.

>     15.18 **"Order Form"** means e.the portion of a Cover Page that includes the key business details and definitions for this Agreement that are not defined in the Standard Terms. An Order Form may include details about the level of access and use granted to the Cloud Service, nature and timing of <span class="orderform_link">Professional Services</span>, extent of <span class="orderform_link">Technical Support</span>, or other details about the Product.

Reviewer: Removing a floating "e."

```suggestion
    15.18 **"Order Form"** means the portion of a Cover Page that includes the key business details and definitions for this Agreement that are not defined in the Standard Terms. An Order Form may include details about the level of access and use granted to the Cloud Service, nature and timing of <span class="orderform_link">Professional Services</span>, extent of <span class="orderform_link">Technical Support</span>, or other details about the Product.
```

    15.19 **"Personal Data"** will have the meaning(s) set forth in the Applicable Data Protection Laws for personal information, personal data, personally identifiable information, or other similar term.

    15.20 **"Product”** means the Cloud Service, Software, and Documentation.

>     15.21 **"Prohibited Data"** means (a) patient, medical or other protected health information regulated by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act; (b) credit, debit, bank account, or other financial account numbers; (c) social security numbers, driver's license numbers, or other unique and private government ID numbers; (d) special categories of data as defined in the GDPR; and (e) other similar categories of sensitive information as set forth in the Applicable Data Protection Laws.

Reviewer: More oxford commas

```suggestion
    15.21 **"Prohibited Data"** means (a) patient, medical, or other protected health information regulated by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act; (b) credit, debit, bank account, or other financial account numbers; (c) social security numbers, driver's license numbers, or other unique and private government ID numbers; (d) special categories of data as defined in the GDPR; and (e) other similar categories of sensitive information as set forth in the Applicable Data Protection Laws.
```

    15.22 **"Protected Party"** means a party to this Agreement when the party is receiving the benefit of protection for a particular Covered Claim.

    15.23 **"Recipient"** means a party to this Agreement when the party receives Confidential Information from the other party.

>     15.24 **"Software"** means the client-side software or applications made available by <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> for <span class="keyterms_link">Customer</span> to install, download (whether onto their machine or in their browser), or execute as part of the Product.

Reviewer: Grammar fix

```suggestion
    15.24 **"Software"** means the client-side software or applications made available by <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> for <span class="keyterms_link">Customer</span> to install, download (whether onto a machine or in a browser), or execute as part of the Product.
```

# Cloud Service Agreement

## USING THIS AGREEMENT
To use this Agreement, the parties must complete and sign or electronically accept a Cover Page.

> Capitalized and <span class="coverpage_link">highlighted</span> words have the meanings given on the Cover Page. However, if the Cover Page omits or do not define a highlighted word, the default meaning will be "none" or "not applicable". All other capitalized words have the meanings given in these Standard Terms.

Reviewer: Change "do" to "does" in the second sentence. 

```suggestion
Capitalized and <span class="coverpage_link">highlighted</span> words have the meanings given on the Cover Page. However, if the Cover Page omits or does not define a highlighted word, the default meaning will be "none" or "not applicable". All other capitalized words have the meanings given in these Standard Terms.
```

1. ## Service  

>     1.1 <span class="header_3">Access and Use.</span>  During the <span class="orderform_link">Subscription Period</span> and subject to the <span class="orderform_link">Use Limitations</span>, <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span> (a) may access and use the Cloud Service and (b) copy and use the included Software and Documentation only as needed to access and use the Cloud Service, in each case, for its internal business purposes and only if <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span> complies with the terms of this Agreement.

Reviewer: Global comment to update the coverpage_link span class to keyterms_link span class. The Cover Page is the umbrella term for the customizable part of our agreements, and includes both the Order Form and the Key Terms. All terms classed to Order Form should remain the same, but I'll double check those, too.

>     1.2 <span class="header_3">Service Level.</span> If the Cloud Service does not meet the <span class="orderform_link">SLA</span>, if any, <span class="coverpage_link">Provider</span> will provide the remedies outlined in the <span class="orderform_link">SLA</span> and will not be responsible for any other remedies. If there is an <span class="orderform_link">SLA</span>, any credits earned under the <span class="orderform_link">SLA</span> will only apply to future invoices and expire if the Agreement ends. In any event, if the Cloud Service is temporarily unavailable for scheduled maintenance, for unscheduled emergency maintenance, or because of other causes beyond <span class="coverpage_link">Provider's</span> reasonable control, no <span class="orderform_link">SLA</span> remedies will accrue. <span class="coverpage_link">Provider</span> will try to inform Customer before scheduled service disruptions through the Cloud Service or by email.

Reviewer: In the last sentence, Customer needs to have a span class added.

> <span class="coverpage_link">Provider</span> will try to inform <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span> before scheduled service disruptions through the Cloud Service or by email.
```suggestion
    1.2 <span class="header_3">Service Level.</span> If the Cloud Service does not meet the <span class="orderform_link">SLA</span>, if any, <span class="coverpage_link">Provider</span> will provide the remedies outlined in the <span class="orderform_link">SLA</span> and will not be responsible for any other remedies. If there is an <span class="orderform_link">SLA</span>, any credits earned under the <span class="orderform_link">SLA</span> will only apply to future invoices and expire if the Agreement ends. In any event, if the Cloud Service is temporarily unavailable for scheduled maintenance, for unscheduled emergency maintenance, or because of other causes beyond <span class="coverpage_link">Provider's</span> reasonable control, no <span class="orderform_link">SLA</span> remedies will accrue. <span class="coverpage_link">Provider</span> will try to inform <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span> before scheduled service disruptions through the Cloud Service or by email.
```

>     1.3 Support. During the <span class="orderform_link">Subscription Period</span>, <span class="coverpage_link">Provider</span> will provide <span class="orderform_link">Technical Support</span> as described in the Cover Page, if any

Reviewer 2: I think there should be a period at the end of 1.3 after "if any"
```suggestion
    1.3 Support. During the <span class="orderform_link">Subscription Period</span>, <span class="coverpage_link">Provider</span> will provide <span class="orderform_link">Technical Support</span> as described in the Cover Page, if any.
```

>     1.3 Support. During the <span class="orderform_link">Subscription Period</span>, <span class="coverpage_link">Provider</span> will provide <span class="orderform_link">Technical Support</span> as described in the Cover Page, if any

Reviewer: Add header class to "Support" section title, add period after "if any"
```suggestion
    1.3 <span class="header_3">Support.</span> During the <span class="orderform_link">Subscription Period</span>, <span class="coverpage_link">Provider</span> will provide <span class="orderform_link">Technical Support</span> as described in the Cover Page, if any.
```

>     1.4 <span class="header_3">User Accounts.</span> <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span> is responsible for all actions on Users' accounts and for its Users' compliance with this Agreement. <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span> and its Users must protect the confidentiality of its passwords and login credentials. <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span> will promptly notify <span class="coverpage_link">Provider</span> if it suspects or knows of any fraudulent activity with its accounts, passwords, or credentials, or if they become compromised.

Reviewer: Remove "its" from first & second sentence.
```suggestion
    1.4 <span class="header_3">User Accounts.</span> <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span> is responsible for all actions on Users' accounts and for Users' compliance with this Agreement. <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span> and Users must protect the confidentiality of its passwords and login credentials. <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span> will promptly notify <span class="coverpage_link">Provider</span> if it suspects or knows of any fraudulent activity with its accounts, passwords, or credentials, or if they become compromised.
```

>     1.5 <span class="header_3">Affiliates.</span>  If authorized in a Cover Page, individuals from <span class="coverpage_link">Customer's</span> Affiliates may access Customer's accounts as Users under <span class="coverpage_link">Customer's</span> Agreement and <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span> will be responsible for its Affiliates' compliance with this Agreement. If a <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span> Affiliate enters a separate Cover Page with <span class="coverpage_link">Provider</span>, the <span class="coverpage_link">Customer's</span> Affiliate creates a separate agreement between <span class="coverpage_link">Provider</span> and that Affiliate, where <span class="coverpage_link">Provider's</span> responsibility to the Affiliate is individual and separate from <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span> and <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span> is not responsible for its Affiliates' agreement.

Reviewer: Add span class to "Customer" in first sentence
```suggestion
    1.5 <span class="header_3">Affiliates.</span>  If authorized in a Cover Page, individuals from <span class="coverpage_link">Customer's</span> Affiliates may access <span class="coverpage_link">Customer's</span> accounts as Users under <span class="coverpage_link">Customer's</span> Agreement and <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span> will be responsible for its Affiliates' compliance with this Agreement. If a <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span> Affiliate enters a separate Cover Page with <span class="coverpage_link">Provider</span>, the <span class="coverpage_link">Customer's</span> Affiliate creates a separate agreement between <span class="coverpage_link">Provider</span> and that Affiliate, where <span class="coverpage_link">Provider's</span> responsibility to the Affiliate is individual and separate from <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span> and <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span> is not responsible for its Affiliates' agreement.
```

>     1.6 <span class="header_3">Feedback and Usage Data.</span>  <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span> may, but is not required to, give <span class="coverpage_link">Provider</span> Feedback, in which case <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span> gives Feedback "AS IS". <span class="coverpage_link">Provider</span> may use all Feedback freely without any restriction or obligation. In addition, <span class="coverpage_link">Provider</span> may collect and analyze Usage Data, and <span class="coverpage_link">Provider</span> may freely use Usage Data to maintain, improve, and enhance <span class="coverpage_link">Provider's</span> products and services without restriction or obligation. However, <span class="coverpage_link">Provider</span> may only share Usage Data with others if the Usage Data is aggregated and does not identify <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span>.

Reviewer: Add "or Users" to end of last sentence.
```suggestion
    1.6 <span class="header_3">Feedback and Usage Data.</span>  <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span> may, but is not required to, give <span class="coverpage_link">Provider</span> Feedback, in which case <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span> gives Feedback "AS IS". <span class="coverpage_link">Provider</span> may use all Feedback freely without any restriction or obligation. In addition, <span class="coverpage_link">Provider</span> may collect and analyze Usage Data, and <span class="coverpage_link">Provider</span> may freely use Usage Data to maintain, improve, and enhance <span class="coverpage_link">Provider's</span> products and services without restriction or obligation. However, <span class="coverpage_link">Provider</span> may only share Usage Data with others if the Usage Data is aggregated and does not identify <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span> or Users.
```

    1.7 <span class="header_3">Customer Content.</span>  <span class="coverpage_link">Provider</span> may copy, display, modify, and use Customer Content only as needed to provide and maintain the Product and related offerings. <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span> is responsible for the accuracy and content of Customer Content.

2. ## Restrictions & Obligations  

    2.1 <span class="header_3">Restrictions On Customer.</span>

>       (a) Except as expressly permitted by this Agreement, <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span> will not (and will not allow any anyone else to): (i) reverse engineer, decompile, or attempt to discover any source code or underlying ideas or algorithms of the Product (except to the extent Applicable Laws prohibit this restriction); (ii) provide, sell, transfer, sublicense, lend, distribute, rent, or otherwise allow others to access or use the Product; (iii) remove any proprietary notices or labels; (iv) copy, modify, or create derivative works of the Product; (v) conduct security or vulnerability tests on, interfere with the operation of, cause performance degradation of, or circumvent access restrictions of the Product; (vi) access accounts, information, data, or portions of the Product to which <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span> does not have explicit authorization; (vii) use the Product to develop a competing service or product; (viii) use the Product with any High Risk Activities or with activity prohibited by Applicable Lawss; (ix) use the Product to obtain unauthorized access to anyone else’s networks or equipment; or (x) upload, submit, or otherwise make available to the Product any Customer Content to which <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span> and Users do not have the proper rights

Reviewer 2: There was an extra "s" in Laws
```suggestion
      (a) Except as expressly permitted by this Agreement, <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span> will not (and will not allow any anyone else to): (i) reverse engineer, decompile, or attempt to discover any source code or underlying ideas or algorithms of the Product (except to the extent Applicable Laws prohibit this restriction); (ii) provide, sell, transfer, sublicense, lend, distribute, rent, or otherwise allow others to access or use the Product; (iii) remove any proprietary notices or labels; (iv) copy, modify, or create derivative works of the Product; (v) conduct security or vulnerability tests on, interfere with the operation of, cause performance degradation of, or circumvent access restrictions of the Product; (vi) access accounts, information, data, or portions of the Product to which <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span> does not have explicit authorization; (vii) use the Product to develop a competing service or product; (viii) use the Product with any High Risk Activities or with activity prohibited by Applicable Laws; (ix) use the Product to obtain unauthorized access to anyone else’s networks or equipment; or (x) upload, submit, or otherwise make available to the Product any Customer Content to which <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span> and Users do not have the proper rights
```

>       (a) Except as expressly permitted by this Agreement, <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span> will not (and will not allow any anyone else to): (i) reverse engineer, decompile, or attempt to discover any source code or underlying ideas or algorithms of the Product (except to the extent Applicable Laws prohibit this restriction); (ii) provide, sell, transfer, sublicense, lend, distribute, rent, or otherwise allow others to access or use the Product; (iii) remove any proprietary notices or labels; (iv) copy, modify, or create derivative works of the Product; (v) conduct security or vulnerability tests on, interfere with the operation of, cause performance degradation of, or circumvent access restrictions of the Product; (vi) access accounts, information, data, or portions of the Product to which <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span> does not have explicit authorization; (vii) use the Product to develop a competing service or product; (viii) use the Product with any High Risk Activities or with activity prohibited by Applicable Lawss; (ix) use the Product to obtain unauthorized access to anyone else’s networks or equipment; or (x) upload, submit, or otherwise make available to the Product any Customer Content to which <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span> and Users do not have the proper rights

Reviewer: Add period at end of last sentence
```suggestion
      (a) Except as expressly permitted by this Agreement, <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span> will not (and will not allow any anyone else to): (i) reverse engineer, decompile, or attempt to discover any source code or underlying ideas or algorithms of the Product (except to the extent Applicable Laws prohibit this restriction); (ii) provide, sell, transfer, sublicense, lend, distribute, rent, or otherwise allow others to access or use the Product; (iii) remove any proprietary notices or labels; (iv) copy, modify, or create derivative works of the Product; (v) conduct security or vulnerability tests on, interfere with the operation of, cause performance degradation of, or circumvent access restrictions of the Product; (vi) access accounts, information, data, or portions of the Product to which <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span> does not have explicit authorization; (vii) use the Product to develop a competing service or product; (viii) use the Product with any High Risk Activities or with activity prohibited by Applicable Lawss; (ix) use the Product to obtain unauthorized access to anyone else’s networks or equipment; or (x) upload, submit, or otherwise make available to the Product any Customer Content to which <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span> and Users do not have the proper rights.
```

      (b) <span class="coverpage_link">Customer's</span> use of the Product must comply with all Documentation and the <span class="coverpage_link">Acceptable Use Policy</span>, if any.

>     2.2 <span class="header_3">Suspension.</span>  If <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span> (a) has an outstanding, undisputed balance on its account for more than 30 days after the <span class="orderform_link">Payment Period</span>, (b) breaches Section 2.1 (Restrictions on <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span>), or (c) uses the Product in violation of the Agreement or in a way that materially and negatively impacts the Product or others, then <span class="coverpage_link">Provider</span> may temporarily suspend <span class="coverpage_link">Customer's</span> access to the Product with or without notice. However, <span class="coverpage_link">Provider</span> will try to inform <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span> before suspending <span class="coverpage_link">Customer's</span> account when practical. <span class="coverpage_link">Provider</span> will reinstate <span class="coverpage_link">Customer's</span> access to the Product only if <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span> resolves the underlying issue.

Reviewer: Changing commas to semi colons, removing span class from Section 2.1 title reference, 

```suggestion
    2.2 <span class="header_3">Suspension.</span>  If <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span> (a) has an outstanding, undisputed balance on its account for more than 30 days after the <span class="orderform_link">Payment Period</span>; (b) breaches Section 2.1 (Restrictions on Customer); or (c) uses the Product in violation of the Agreement or in a way that materially and negatively impacts the Product or others, then <span class="coverpage_link">Provider</span> may temporarily suspend <span class="coverpage_link">Customer's</span> access to the Product with or without notice. However, <span class="coverpage_link">Provider</span> will try to inform <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span> before suspending <span class="coverpage_link">Customer's</span> account when practical. <span class="coverpage_link">Provider</span> will reinstate <span class="coverpage_link">Customer's</span> access to the Product only if <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span> resolves the underlying issue.
```

3. ## Professional Services  

>     <span class="coverpage_link">Provider</span> will perform the <span class="orderform_link">Professional Services</span> as detailed in a Cover Page, if any, and <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span> will reasonably cooperate with <span class="coverpage_link">Provider</span> to allow the performance of <span class="orderform_link">Professional Services</span>, including providing <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span> Content as needed. <span class="coverpage_link">Provider</span> is not responsible for any inability to perform the <span class="orderform_link">Professional Services</span> if <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span> does not cooperate as reasonably requested.

Reviewer: Removing span class from defined term "Customer Content"
```suggestion
    <span class="coverpage_link">Provider</span> will perform the <span class="orderform_link">Professional Services</span> as detailed in a Cover Page, if any, and <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span> will reasonably cooperate with <span class="coverpage_link">Provider</span> to allow the performance of <span class="orderform_link">Professional Services</span>, including providing Customer Content as needed. <span class="coverpage_link">Provider</span> is not responsible for any inability to perform the <span class="orderform_link">Professional Services</span> if <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span> does not cooperate as reasonably requested.
```

4. ## Privacy & Security  

    4.1 <span class="header_3">Personal Data.</span>  Before submitting Personal Data governed by GDPR, <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span> must enter into a data processing agreement with <span class="coverpage_link">Provider</span>. If the parties have a <span class="coverpage_link">DPA</span>, the terms of the <span class="coverpage_link">DPA</span> will control each party's rights and obligations as to Personal Data and the terms of the <span class="coverpage_link">DPA</span> will control in the event of any conflict with these Standard Terms.  

>     4.2 <span class="header_3">Prohibited Data.</span>  <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span> will not (and will not allow anyone else to) submit Prohibited Data to the Product unless authorized by the Cover Page.x

Reviewer: Removing the "x" at the end of the sentence
```suggestion
    4.2 <span class="header_3">Prohibited Data.</span>  <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span> will not (and will not allow anyone else to) submit Prohibited Data to the Product unless authorized by the Cover Page.
```

    6.4 <span class="header_3">Effect of Termination.</span>  Termination of the Agreement will automatically terminate all Order Forms. Upon expiration or termination:  

      (a) <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span> will no longer have any right to use the Product, <span class="orderform_link">Technical Support</span>, or <span class="orderform_link">Professional Services</span>.

>       (b) Upon <span class="coverpage_link">Customer's</span> request, <span class="coverpage_link">Provider</span> will delete <span class="coverpage_link">Customer Content</span> within 60 days of termination.

Reviewer: Removing span class from "Customer Content", which is a 2-word defined phrase that is defined within the Standard Terms, not on the Cover Page.

```suggestion
      (b) Upon <span class="coverpage_link">Customer's</span> request, <span class="coverpage_link">Provider</span> will delete Customer Content within 60 days of termination.
```

      (c) Each Recipient will return or destroy Discloser's Confidential Information in its possession or control.

      (d) <span class="coverpage_link">Provider</span> will submit a final invoice for all outstanding fees accrued before termination and <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span> will pay the invoice according to Section 5 (Payment & Taxes).

    6.5 <span class="header_3">Survival.</span>  

>       (a) The following sections will survive expiration or termination of the Agreement: Section 1.6 (Feedback and Usage Data), Section 2.1 (Restrictions on Customer), Section 5 (Payment & Taxes) for fees accrued or payable before expiration or termination, Section 6.4 (Effect of Termination), Section 6.5 (Survival), Section 7 (Representations & Warranties), Section 8 (Disclaimer of Warranties), Section 9 (Limitation of Liability), Section 10 (Indemnification), Section 11 (Insurance) for the time period specified, Section 12 (Confidentiality), Section 13 (Reservation of Rights), Section 14 (General Terms), Section 15 (Definitions), and the portions of a Cover Page referenced by these sections  

Reviewer: Adding period to end of last sentence.

```suggestion
      (a) The following sections will survive expiration or termination of the Agreement: Section 1.6 (Feedback and Usage Data), Section 2.1 (Restrictions on Customer), Section 5 (Payment & Taxes) for fees accrued or payable before expiration or termination, Section 6.4 (Effect of Termination), Section 6.5 (Survival), Section 7 (Representations & Warranties), Section 8 (Disclaimer of Warranties), Section 9 (Limitation of Liability), Section 10 (Indemnification), Section 11 (Insurance) for the time period specified, Section 12 (Confidentiality), Section 13 (Reservation of Rights), Section 14 (General Terms), Section 15 (Definitions), and the portions of a Cover Page referenced by these sections.  
```

      (b) Each Recipient may retain Discloser's Confidential Information in accordance with its standard backup or record retention policies maintained in the ordinary course of business or as required by Applicable Laws, in which case Section 4 (Privacy & Security) and Section 12 (Confidentiality) will continue to apply to retained Confidential Information.

7. ## Representations & Warranties  

>     7.1 <span class="header_3">Mutual.</span>  Each party represents and warrants to the other that: (a) it has the legal power and authority to enter into this Agreement, (b) it is duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing under the Applicable Laws of the jurisdiction of its origin, (c) it will comply with all Applicable Laws in performing its obligations or exercising its rights in this Agreement, and (d) it will comply with the <span class="coverpage_link">Additional Warranties</span>.

Reviewer: Changing commas to semi colons
```suggestion
    7.1 <span class="header_3">Mutual.</span>  Each party represents and warrants to the other that: (a) it has the legal power and authority to enter into this Agreement; (b) it is duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing under the Applicable Laws of the jurisdiction of its origin; (c) it will comply with all Applicable Laws in performing its obligations or exercising its rights in this Agreement; and (d) it will comply with the <span class="coverpage_link">Additional Warranties</span>.
```

8. ## Disclaimer of Warranties  

> <span class="coverpage_link">Provider</span> makes no guarantees that the Product will always be safe, secure, or error-free, or that it will function without disruptions, delays, or imperfections. The warranties in Section 7.2 do not apply to any misuse or unauthorized modification of the Product, nor to any product or service provided by anyone other than <span class="coverpage_link">Provider</span>. Except for the warranties in Section 7, <span class="coverpage_link">Provider</span> and <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span> each disclaim all other warranties, whether express or implied, including the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, and non-infringement. These disclaimers apply to the maximum extent permitted by Applicable Laws.

Reviewer: Changing 7.2 to 7.3.

Is there a way to make a portion of the second to last sentence bold? So it could look like this:
> Except for the warranties in Section 7, <span class="coverpage_link">Provider</span> and <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span> each **disclaim all other warranties, whether express or implied, including the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, and non-infringement.**

```suggestion
<span class="coverpage_link">Provider</span> makes no guarantees that the Product will always be safe, secure, or error-free, or that it will function without disruptions, delays, or imperfections. The warranties in Section 7.3 do not apply to any misuse or unauthorized modification of the Product, nor to any product or service provided by anyone other than <span class="coverpage_link">Provider</span>. Except for the warranties in Section 7, <span class="coverpage_link">Provider</span> and <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span> each **disclaim all other warranties, whether express or implied, including the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, and non-infringement**. These disclaimers apply to the maximum extent permitted by Applicable Laws.
```

> 

Reviewer: Same question about bolding for the text of 9.1 and 9.2, can those sentences be bolded (but no need to make the text in head_3 style bolded)?

Author: yeah, I think you figured it out with the **

10. ## Indemnification  

>     10.1 <span class="header_3">Protection by Provider.</span>  <span class="coverpage_link">Provider</span> will indemnify, defend and hold harmless <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span> from and against all <span class="coverpage_link">Provider Covered Claims</span> made by someone other than <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span>, <span class="coverpage_link">Customer's</span> Affiliates, or Users, and all out-of-pocket damages, awards, settlements, costs, and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees and other legal expenses, that arise from the <span class="coverpage_link">Provider Covered Claim</span>.

Reviewer: Oxford comma, yeah!

```suggestion
    10.1 <span class="header_3">Protection by Provider.</span>  <span class="coverpage_link">Provider</span> will indemnify, defend, and hold harmless <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span> from and against all <span class="coverpage_link">Provider Covered Claims</span> made by someone other than <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span>, <span class="coverpage_link">Customer's</span> Affiliates, or Users, and all out-of-pocket damages, awards, settlements, costs, and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees and other legal expenses, that arise from the <span class="coverpage_link">Provider Covered Claim</span>.
```

>     10.2 <span class="header_3">Protection by Customer</span>.  <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span> will indemnify, defend and hold harmless <span class="coverpage_link">Provider</span> from and against all <span class="coverpage_link">Customer Covered Claims</span> made by someone other than <span class="coverpage_link">Provider</span> or its Affiliates, and indemnify <span class="coverpage_link">Provider</span> for all out-of-pocket damages, awards, settlements, costs, and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees and other legal expenses, that directly result from the <span class="coverpage_link">Customer Covered Claim</span.

Reviewer: Remove the second use of "indemnify"; add closing bracket to last span class for Customer Covered Claim; change "directly result" to "arise"

```suggestion
    10.2 <span class="header_3">Protection by Customer</span>.  <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span> will indemnify, defend, and hold harmless <span class="coverpage_link">Provider</span> from and against all <span class="coverpage_link">Customer Covered Claims</span> made by someone other than <span class="coverpage_link">Provider</span> or its Affiliates, and all out-of-pocket damages, awards, settlements, costs, and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees and other legal expenses, that arise from the <span class="coverpage_link">Customer Covered Claim</span>.
```

    10.4 <span class="header_3">Changes to Product.</span>  If required by settlement or court order, or if deemed reasonably necessary in response to a <span class="coverpage_link">Provider Covered Claim</span>, <span class="coverpage_link">Provider</span> may: (a) obtain the right for <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span> to continue using the Product; (b) replace or modify the affected component of the Product without materially reducing the general functionality of the Cloud Service; or (c) if neither (a) nor (b) are reasonable, terminate the affected Order Form and issue a pro-rated refund of prepaid fees for the remainder of the <span class="orderform_link">Subscription Period</span>.

    10.5 <span class="header_3">Exclusions.</span>  

>       (a) <span class="coverpage_link">Provider's</span> obligations as an Indemnifying Party will not apply to <span class="coverpage_link">Provider Covered Claims</span> that result from (i) modifications to the Product that were not authorized by <span class="coverpage_link">Provider</span> or that were made in compliance with <span class="coverpage_link">Customer's</span> instructions, (ii) unauthorized use of the Product, including use in violation of this Agreement, (iii) use of the Product in combination with items not provided by <span class="coverpage_link">Provider</span>, or (iv) use of an old version of the Product where a newer release would avoid the <span class="coverpage_link">Provider Covered Claim</span>.

Reviewer: Changing list-item separating commas to semi-colons

```suggestion
      (a) <span class="coverpage_link">Provider's</span> obligations as an Indemnifying Party will not apply to <span class="coverpage_link">Provider Covered Claims</span> that result from (i) modifications to the Product that were not authorized by <span class="coverpage_link">Provider</span> or that were made in compliance with <span class="coverpage_link">Customer's</span> instructions; (ii) unauthorized use of the Product, including use in violation of this Agreement; (iii) use of the Product in combination with items not provided by <span class="coverpage_link">Provider</span>; or (iv) use of an old version of the Product where a newer release would avoid the <span class="coverpage_link">Provider Covered Claim</span>.
```

>       (b) <span class="coverpage_link">Customer's</span> obligations as an Indemnifying Party will not apply to <span class="coverpage_link">Customer Covered Claims</span> that result from the unauthorized use of the <span class="coverpage_link">Customer Content</span>, including use in violation of this Agreement.

Reviewer: Removing span class from "Customer Content"

```suggestion
      (b) <span class="coverpage_link">Customer's</span> obligations as an Indemnifying Party will not apply to <span class="coverpage_link">Customer Covered Claims</span> that result from the unauthorized use of the Customer Content, including use in violation of this Agreement.
```

> 

Reviewer: Update list-item separator to semi-colon instead of comma

> 12.1 <span class="header_3">Non-Use and Non-Disclosure.</span>  Unless otherwise authorized in the Agreement, Recipient will (a) only use Discloser's Confidential Information to fulfill its obligations or exercise its rights under this Agreement**;** and (b) not disclose Discloser's Confidential Information to anyone else. In addition, Recipient will protect Discloser's Confidential Information using at least the same protections Recipient uses for its own similar information but no less than a reasonable standard of care.

> 12.2 <span class="header_3">Exclusions.</span>  Confidential Information does not include information that (a) Recipient knew without any obligation of confidentiality before disclosure by Discloser**;** (b) is or becomes publicly known and generally available through no fault of Recipient**;** (c) Recipient receives under no obligation of confidentiality from someone else who is authorized to make the disclosure**;** or (d) Recipient independently developed without use of or reference to Discloser's Confidential Information.

    12.3 <span class="header_3">Required Disclosures.</span>  Recipient may disclose Discloser's Confidential Information to the extent required by Applicable Laws if, unless prohibited by Applicable Laws, Recipient provides the Disclosing Party reasonable advance notice of the required disclosure and reasonably cooperates, at the Discloser's expense, with the Discloser's efforts to obtain confidential treatment for the Confidential Information.

    12.4 <span class="header_3">Permitted Disclosures.</span>  Recipient may disclose Discloser's Confidential Information to Users, employees, advisors, contractors, and representatives who each have a need to know the Confidential Information, but only if the person or entity is bound by confidentiality obligations at least as protective as those in this Section 12 and Recipient remains responsible for everyone's compliance with the terms of this Section 12.

13. ## Reservation of Rights

>     Except for the limited license to copy and use Software and Documentation in Section 1.1 (Access and Use), <span class="coverpage_link">Provider</span> retains all right, title, and interest in and to the Product whether developed before or after the <span class="coverpage_link">Effective Date</span>. Except for the limited rights in Section 1.7 (<span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span> Content), <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span> retains all right, title, and interest in and to the <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span> Content.

Reviewer: Adding comma; removing span class from "Customer Content"

```suggestion
    Except for the limited license to copy and use Software and Documentation in Section 1.1 (Access and Use), <span class="coverpage_link">Provider</span> retains all right, title, and interest in and to the Product, whether developed before or after the <span class="coverpage_link">Effective Date</span>. Except for the limited rights in Section 1.7 (Customer Content), <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span> retains all right, title, and interest in and to the Customer Content.
```

    14.15 <span class="header_3">Titles and Interpretation.</span>  Section titles are for convenience and reference only. All uses of "including" and similar phrases are non-exhaustive and without limitation. The United Nations Convention for the International Sale of Goods and the Uniform Computer Information Transaction Act do not apply to this Agreement.

    14.16 <span class="header_3">Signature.</span>  This Agreement may be signed in counterparts, including by electronic copies or acceptance mechanism. Each copy will be deemed an original and all copies, when taken together, will be the same agreement.

15. ## Definitions  

    15.1 **"Affiliate"** means an entity that, directly or indirectly, controls, is under the control of, or is under common control with a party, where control means having more than fifty percent (50%) of the voting stock or other ownership interest.

>     15.2 **"Agreement"** means these Standard Terms, together with the Cover Pages between <span class="coverpage_link">Provider</span> and <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span>, that include or reference a single set of Key Terms, and the policies and documents referenced in or attached to those Cover Pages.

Reviewer: Removing some commas

```suggestion
    15.2 **"Agreement"** means these Standard Terms, together with the Cover Pages between <span class="coverpage_link">Provider</span> and <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span> that include or reference a single set of Key Terms and the policies and documents referenced in or attached to those Cover Pages.
```

    15.3 **"Applicable Data Protection Laws"** means the Applicable Laws that govern how the Cloud Service may process or use an individual's personal information, personal data, personally identifiable information, or other similar term.

    15.4 **"Applicable Laws"** means the laws, rules, regulations, court orders, and other binding requirements of a relevant government authority that apply to or govern <span class="coverpage_link">Provider</span> or <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span>.

    15.5 **"Cloud Service"** means the product described in an Order Form.

>     15.6 **"Confidential Information"** means information in any form disclosed by or on behalf of a Discloser, including before the <span class="coverpage_link">Effective Date</span>, to a Recipient in connection with this Agreement that (a) the Discloser identifies as "confidential", "proprietary", or the like, or (b) should be reasonably understood as confidential or proprietary due to its nature and the circumstances of its disclosure. Confidential Information includes the existence of this Agreement and the information on each Cover Page. <span class="coverpage_link">Customer's</span> Confidential Information includes non-public Customer Content and <span class="coverpage_link">Provider's</span> Confidential Information includes non-public information about the Product.

Reviewer: Changing commas to semi-colons

```suggestion
    15.6 **"Confidential Information"** means information in any form disclosed by or on behalf of a Discloser, including before the <span class="coverpage_link">Effective Date</span>, to a Recipient in connection with this Agreement that (a) the Discloser identifies as "confidential", "proprietary", or the like; or (b) should be reasonably understood as confidential or proprietary due to its nature and the circumstances of its disclosure. Confidential Information includes the existence of this Agreement and the information on each Cover Page. <span class="coverpage_link">Customer's</span> Confidential Information includes non-public Customer Content and <span class="coverpage_link">Provider's</span> Confidential Information includes non-public information about the Product.
```

>     15.7 **"Cover Page"** means a document that is signed or electronically accepted by the parties that incorporates these Standard Terms, identifies <span class="coverpage_link">Provider</span> and <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span>, and an Order Form, Key Terms, or both.

Reviewer: Adding some missing words

```suggestion
    15.7 **"Cover Page"** means a document that is signed or electronically accepted by the parties that incorporates these Standard Terms, identifies <span class="coverpage_link">Provider</span> and <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span>, and may include an Order Form, Key Terms, or both.
```

    15.14 **"GDPR"** means European Union Regulation 2016/679 as implemented by local law in the relevant European Union member nation, and by section 3 of the United Kingdom's European Union (Withdrawal) Act of 2018 in the United Kingdom.

    15.15 **"High Risk Activity"** means any situation where the use or failure of the Product could be reasonably expected to lead to death, bodily injury, or environmental damage. Examples include full or partial autonomous vehicle technology, medical life-support technology, emergency response services, nuclear facilities operation, and air traffic control.

    15.16 **"Indemnifying Party"** means a party to this Agreement when the party is providing protection for a particular Covered Claim.

    15.17 **"Key Terms”** means the portion of a Cover Page that includes the key legal details and definitions for this Agreement that are not defined in the Standard Terms. The Key Terms may include details about Covered Claims, set the <span class="coverpage_link">Governing Law</span>, or contain other details about this Agreement.

>     15.18 **"Order Form"** means e.the portion of a Cover Page that includes the key business details and definitions for this Agreement that are not defined in the Standard Terms. An Order Form may include details about the level of access and use granted to the Cloud Service, nature and timing of <span class="orderform_link">Professional Services</span>, extent of <span class="orderform_link">Technical Support</span>, or other details about the Product.

Reviewer 2: There is an extra "e." after "Order form means..."
```suggestion
    15.18 **"Order Form"** means the portion of a Cover Page that includes the key business details and definitions for this Agreement that are not defined in the Standard Terms. An Order Form may include details about the level of access and use granted to the Cloud Service, nature and timing of <span class="orderform_link">Professional Services</span>, extent of <span class="orderform_link">Technical Support</span>, or other details about the Product.
```

    15.19 **"Personal Data"** will have the meaning(s) set forth in the Applicable Data Protection Laws for personal information, personal data, personally identifiable information, or other similar term.

    15.20 **"Product”** means the Cloud Service, Software, and Documentation.

>     15.21 **"Protected Party"** means a party to this Agreement when the party is receiving the benefit of protection for a particular Covered Claim.

Reviewer: I messed up the alphabetical order of definitions. It should be:

15.20 "Product"
15.21 "Prohibited Data"
15.22 "Protected Party"
15.23 "Recipient"
15.24 "Software"
15.25 "Usage Data"
15.26 "User"
